People vs Sanchez (1994)
	1. Main topic of the case
		Sanchez was facing murder charges in the death of his fiancee in 1994
	2. What (name and description) legislation, constitutional right, or law is invloved?
		4th amendment - probable cause, they found evidence (the letter) that warranted
			a further investigation of Sanchez, therefore the court ordered that his
			computer be unlocked and searched
		5th amendment - right against search and seizure, due process, extension of the
			4th amendment, in that Sanchez was protected against search and seizures of
			property by the state without the presence of probable cause, which was warranted
			by the letter that was found, indicating the necessity for further investigation
			of Sanchez
	3. Who are the stakeholders?
		Sanchez - he is on trial for murder; he is a suspect who is being investigated, maybe found guilty
		Fiancee/fiancee family - she was murdered and the family deserves to have some closure, by
			finding the person responsible
		The Court - they are trying to find the person responsible for the murder, and are engaging in a
			criminal investigation. Murder cases are typically high profile, especially given the severity
			of this case, so it is important that a fair trial is exhibited, as legal precedents may be
			challenged or sustained during the legal preceedings
	4. What is the risk? What is at stake? What could be the consequence of tainted evidence?
		Sanchez's life is at stake. It is a murder trial, and if convicted, he could be facing life in prison,
			or perhaps even the electric chair (depending on the state he is in), therefore it is imperitive
			that a fair trial be conducted to give him the best chance of defending himself
		The court has a lot at stake as well. This was likely a high profile case, and they must make sure to follow
			the law and offer a fair trial, while at the same time gathering as much credible evidence as possible
			to uncover the truth and not turn this into a witchhunt unnecessarily.
		Investigators have a lot at stake, as they need to get information off Sanchez's computer. It's crucial that they
			find whatever evidence they can to implicate/exonerate Sanchez of the crime. Emails, documents, browsing 
			history are all potential sources of information they can use to aid them in this investigation
